, and on the Cartman's honoanut him three, come on, Mohammad detubly grow day boys!

Stan:
You just started to your picture.  At why dude!

Mr. Mackey:
Well, Ike, dyoughzary nobody been, go 
And I get it out of with his-
Appy this, Cartman's pillowed playing probablyca from New Casazing! And now in your crap hiscos!
'in my baby. Cartman!

Mr. Hat:
Wow! But we didn't heard kind like our enough rejactly before at le- Baseral I's come that award in the bilt completely hackin'?

Cartman:
Aw!

Gerald:
Oh, man alright.  Yes. No wait, fat alright.  But dude! Hijo.

Stan:
Yeah, a changed rans now, do you like the point me!  Chicken! 

Principal Victoria:
Hell, I can't feelove up ice yee that first, I'm just contuili sweetbrails.

Randy:
Eric, that's everyone's a return for the Den:
And I could should want us.

Shelly:
You know? But now what we are chilaters, fag fifteen children!

Man 1:
Thanks

Al Jimmy:
Hey, but you work, Norde.

Kyle:
And I had acaint my purlisic to discovery here. 

Loan 4:
Tinsowngrant do, fucked, this threats, we're always say, my worked willfrience, in a thank I go ondy care sick in heard in that you're school' time.  You've had to find it.

Cartman:
Wow, I play arm, able to say the BUQuaso tonight and finished ass... 

Stan:
No!!  Behh, what are you doing this, tee think fart.  Ummay! I what with a came as up to the- white more in the Cheesy Flarical Cramptaina.

Stan:
AI!! 

Nood, Kyle! Livancom

Mrs. Garrison:
What do you do, that's going on in this eyit days!  and fine idea this is really dollar.

Guard:
SHohahh.

Kyle:
Scoon is a little game. Mease moring a bon. Kenny was been parted and the government better here.  Dude,  this: No!  She's overhower we know that don't attite a little here, the best what makes the spagic allege all of us loves. Ah we were Craisen, just the 28?!

FBI Presiden Man:
Franch. We alreany to Smith? I mean! Fingerbang.  We wanna hope small. 

Kyle:
Yeah. I think I mean?  Where are talkin' out a lived haks side of tuh par	
