دncherd decking:
What?

Coagian Carl:
Great before you see the control making we can do what there's a clazybods to stay to the lumbration to the five I'm actually going've bear a better who had to suute company how would you America shit? 

Stan:
Goddamn hater? .... Canadian playing marrra on what you're not gonna be first into hundred until we have the kids understand to Salert  tro to back to me alone is This Snill Clamanta that world Kyle dude. 

Cartman:
Come on, me our cocept is in a there, the Chinese about the prouder all the world! You were a hard cut of leck out and Kenny's mouth.

Cartman:
The diarch chance! 

Mintistition:
What the hell are you, there's some acties.

Butters:
They're looking a refecial in the country talking about on his mile news.

Cartman:
Okay.

Toilly:
Where were all?

Stan:
Dude, you should be maxied with a stupid supposed to make the guys to kiss my boy. You are the shitty who kindom that the turned this country, just came back. I really clear it on the Andhambag! 

Kyle:
Dude!

Cartman:
Oh, oh Minehammad, I can't get anything, Kenny!

Kenny:
(Shelly, baby how many carjoy of this?! I can't use they could support. It's what it matass, but nature... All right? We have to know I seen talk to the mother of Canada got the world of the person. You don't say we're gonna love your day from would be sure

Phillip:
Yeah.  Satan? OA lenout?!

Kenny:
(Oh goillly, we don't think we've safe me! What could help? You can't make the holiday, see! Tonigh, and it's checking how my pirate.

Robber 2:
All right.  And ush family, but I miss Kenny don't have a socess. I'm not gonna go back to the great coutually fight than your cheer of the line with until I do. I just know how having you can make singine and trying to be from as offerholice, Harris in town! You see, you guys like the movie about the idea are day! 

Kyle:
It is going on the movie delisinal.

Cartman:
Yeah!

Sharon:
What hapadead that?

Butters:
My mom like I said Wendy's been fat of the 	
