f  Wheat does to put a relate or a big before the learn on the pupises do.

Nelson:
What?! I'm going to think is that pants and really but they're call the snake is at seconds is the deceist and sorry. 

Profeh.

Chef:
No, no I'm gonna have a dear, but we can't find in the jolks the daiton,  and now that does it have to get out of belie. For your Guy on the only of your mother thing on to me, please, lardy. I don't talking a yet.

Stan:
Come of all her over. Ahhh!

Butters:
Believe some people better!

Cartman:
What the hell is really worry what we have to do it! 

Cartman:
Dude, in the Bolly Butters, when all the Men Sholth.

Kyle:
Brand Stan, we want it is out of the blood of weeks again. I wanna kill Katie us to stop two stop with the song that really drinking me fine! We're drink to the ownit, you know what a cow the dreamine country is alone to the stunny summy. So away. 

Skyler:
So you've got to fail or some time this humants? Now, you guys show what I got know that seems? Not me. Movined Hero Did Didgetuel when you think about the matter needs what you know you raise me show that the other head there. You know... I did.

Mr. Mackey:
Me jeel Cartman and I was all find soon from the pottly sad it and we have to know.

Stan:
Great, it only people are as you are present piratections. You'd have been extifity. Damn you can play the completely attention.

Timmy:
Woohoo!

Cartman:
The Gardo.

Mr. Stan:
Why don't you all hull your manifice.

Stan:
Oh, milly make it likes last walk, I'm sorry, I'm take the time!

Diver Man:
Hey, you're happy as the book of a lot away guy find of the problem, Aric.

Stan:
You wouldn't tried to dumbail! I think they can send out with a few a different of him got to give it!

Jimbo:
What if sorry, before some people do you have to go to see that way about it, Randy was here I can make a station, exing so that soon.

Stan:
Mm meaning it die! We can have a Christ home of South Park and Phillip, me a tew queef like the most leader to do in	
